Come and send Lidan
Sun Shao proposed to the lady next door to the refrigerator
A Jinhai rocking chair is specially given.
One global limited edition Boeing 949 airliner
Sha Shangjin 5 series one car
Two for missiles
Plus cash 1 billion
It's all like Caolin
This this
It should be theft.
Maintain the most expensive gift in the world
Tell me about it.
This goes beyond the concept of wealth
Take weapons as an example
Is that a super powerful town?
Oh my god
Now my uncle Shen Jiu general
As long as you can take pride
I will give him the greatest honor
Look at how good Sun Shao is
You drugged yourself to a waiter?
But fortunately, Sun Shao has the bearing.
Otherwise, you will regret it for the rest of your life
Okay.
He gave the first time to the waiter
Don't mention it again
Does Lao Tzu feel blurry when he thinks about it?
Yes, yes, don't say it, don't say it
How about it?
You gave your first time to that waiter
Would you mind giving me the rest?
Can I be honest?
When?
I still miss the taste of my first love
No interest in other men
What, you still miss the waiter?
Icehouse, are you crazy?
Yeah, didn't you forget that idiot possessed
He actually offended the Stuttering Society and the Nine Kills Sect
Almost got us killed
If it weren't for San Shao's rescue, we would be finished
That's right, my good sister.
You can't be ungrateful.
Sun Shao saved you, you should give yourself to him
It's the right thing to do.